# Internal Temperature Controller
### The Teensy family of microcontroller tends to get VERY hot when under a lot of stress. When the temperature of the NXP i.MX RT 1062 reaches 72°C the processor slows dows, because it can not maintain such high temperatures. As a result the SPI and I²C protocolls can not maintain a perfect connection and the data received and sent to the BME280, BNO055 and RFM9x will be corrupted. Rendering them useless. Although the Teensy supports dynamic clock speeds, it has to be done programmatically in order to not corrupt the SPI and I²C data.

### The Internal Temperature Controller for the Orion Betelgeuse aims to keep the Internal Temperature no more than 65 °C. Why that specific temperature and not allow it to for longer and leave it to reach about 70 °C? Well, because the OV5642 Mini tends to get very hot. Making it possible to overheat the Teensy and throttle more often. By creating that buffer, essentially we are able to make more changes more quickly as the Teensy gets hotter and hotter.
 
### If the temperature of the Teensy exceeds 75 °C, the Teensy will be programmatically throttled to 24MHz the lowest it can go, while still maintaining a stable I²C, SPI and UART connection. If the temperature exceeds 90°C, the board will enter panic mode and enter a forever loop of ` nop ` with the interrupts disabled to further make sure that this will allow the Teensy to cool down before it need to be restarted manually. This move is necessary because the i.MX RT 1062 processing unit can not handle temperatures higher that 95°C and will most certainly cause some hardware wise problem.